What do you want to do, Mikasa?
Do you want to help Eren?
I want to help him.
But I'm sure it's because I'm an Ackerman.
Just like what Eren said.
This is not my own will.
Huh?
I think that's just a lie
Eren came out with.
It's true that I get headaches
from time to time.
Why would you think he was lying?
Why you ask?
Making it so that Eldian can
no longer have children...
did you all seriously think
Eren would want that?
I did think that's unlike him
to think that,
but it's not impossible--
But it's impossible!
It's Eren we're talking about!
Then why he doesn't oppose
Zeke and Yelena?!
Because he doesn't have to!
It's up to Eren to decide what to do
with the power of the Founding!
From the moment Yelena made her proposal,
he had no choice but to go with it.
If he refused, who knows what method
Yelena will use to persuade him.
But if he accepts their proposal and
makes them believe he's on their side...
He could protect this island
with the Rumbling!
And no one will be able to lay their hand
on Paradis island for the next 50 years!
Is it okay for us to go now?
I'm sorry, but please wait
just a bit longer.
I've been saying he's a dangerous guy
from the time we're in Training Corps.
That Eren is a piece of crap
who will lead us all to hell.
And I was jealous of that piece of crap.
Because he was so cool.
It pisses me off to no end,
but I don't want him to die just yet!
Yeah.
I'll lose my chance to punch
that bastard if he dies here.
Let's go!
Come on, stay close to me.
If Eren really is hiding
his true intentions,
why did he push us away from him?
He said he hated me.
Why would he say that?
Well...
Hey...
If we kill all our enemies… over there…
…will we finally… be free?
Could it be...
At the very least,
both Eren and I know about your occasional
headache since we were little.
He must've used that to add
more credence to his lies.
I bet he didn't have time
to think of a better lie.
We can just ask him after
it's all over.
Don't forget.
This ambush is only possible thanks
to Willy Tybur's sacrifice.
Just as he risked his life to tell us,
we need a true hero like Helos!
A hero who will save the world.
Eren...
Enough already.
You lost.
Everyone has suffered enough.
You've suffered enough!
Why struggle?
What are you fighting for?
Just for what?
Galliard!
Dammit...
I took a clean hit...
Eren.
I just want this to be over.
Just what makes you think we're alike?
It's enough.
Just... sleep already!
There he is!
The boy wonder!
I'm a little late,
but I finally got here as promised.
You did well holding on your own,
Eren.
Just leave the rest to your big brother!
Rumbling, Rumbling, it's coming
Rumbling, Rumbling
Beware
Coming for you
All I ever wanted to do was do right things
I've never wanted to be the king, I swear
All I ever wanted to do was save your life
I've never wanted to grab a knife, I swear
Tearless, fearless, burning, burning
You tell me what have I missed
Still wandering in the deep mist
If I lose it all, slip and fall
I will never look away
If I lose it all, lose it all, lose it all
If I lose it all outside the wall
Live to die another day
I don't want anything
I'm just here to...
Beware
(Deception)
Damn you, Zeke!
We'll blast through his nape!
Get in position!
Yes, sir.
Hurry, Pieck!
I believe it's not wise to engage
in a shootout with the Beast.
No, I have to punish this traitor myself!
But...
Pincer the Cart!
Yes, sir!
The Beast's attack incoming!
Get into cover! He'll target us!
The Founder is heading towards the Beast!
So their goal was for the two
to come into contact after all!
We must stop them!
But how can we do that?
We have no choice but to leave
the Titans to Titans.
We have our own battle to fight.
I'm going to rescue Falco from the enemy.
You should head south to
the airship and wait for retreat.
No, I'm coming with you.
I got Falco involved in this.
Not only that, he saved me many times.
I'm the top of the unit,
but all I did was relying on his help.
I can't just run from here without him!
Open up!
What's going on outside?
We don't want to die locked in here!
Hey! Let us out!
It's gotta be the attack from Marley.
Maybe they're here to save you.
There's no way the Marleyan army
would do that.
Just to rescue an Eldian.
But you have a family waiting
for your return, don't you?
This is your only chance to go home.
I'm sure I'll never get to see
my wife or daughters again.
All it takes is Zeke's Scream,
and I'll turn into a monster.
I still have so much I wanted
to tell my girls, too.
I'm as good as dead.
Hey, stop!
This area is under Yeagerist's control!
You can't just--
Tell me, recruit.
We're out here to save
the great Yeager.
Will you still put your life
on the line to stop us?
No.
Open all the cells at once!
Instructor Shadis!
Oh, Connie.
I fought a bear.
Forget about me.
Go.
Commander Pixis!
Are you okay?
I'm not senile just yet.
But I did have a little too much drink.
Listen up, all of you!
We have a limited supply of
Vertical Maneuver Gear here.
Priority goes to those
without black armbands.
All of you drunkards who fell for
the enemy's scheme, follow me.
We'll fight off the invaders
on the front line!
Yes, sir!
I'm glad.
To be able to fight alongside you
for the same goal again.
I see.
You're not taking that scarf with you?
I am leaving it here.
The Shiganshina gate has been blocked?
Zeke has taken down their ships.
The moment that will
change the history is near!
Umm...
I suppose the one
who needs our help is... Reiner?
Why?
Why is Zeke here?
There's no way Captain Levi
would let him go free!
Hey!
What happened to Captain and Hange?!
I believe it's right to assume
Zeke has defeated them.
Since he has appeared here and now,
just as he promised Eren.
That's impossible!
It's a shame, but we have no choice.
It's the only way for Zeke
and Eren to save the world.
We should join the Yeagerist and
help put them together!
Please help Eren and Zeke.
I believe in you.
The airship...
Dammit!
By the way, what's this iron pipe?
It's an anti-Titan rifle.
But they say it's hard to kill a Titan with it
unless you hit the nape perfectly.
There they are!
The entire city is in fire...
There's nowhere to run.
What are you saying? Fight!
What's wrong?
Crap!
They spotted us.
It's my brother.
I see.
Now come with me.
Marleyan POW!
I'll detain this POW
in one of the homes.
We'll go without you.
Don't get left behind!
Seems like we'll have to fight.
Wait!
This is not a place for a child.
Go back home.
Let's go!
Mr. Nile...
Thank you.
Take this!
They're gone now.
Gabi.
Why did you trust the enemy?
Well..
This way.
The flames won't spread here.
True, but the exits are
all blocked by the fire.
We should hide around here
until the battle is over.
I wonder if Mia and Ben made it out.
Those two will be fine.
They're strong kids.
- Hey!
- I can never forgive her.
Why are you worried about
the girl who killed Sis Sasha?
I wish I could kill her.
Looks like they're gone now.
We should go too.
Gabi?
There aren't any devils.
There are only humans in this island.
I finally understand how Reiner feels.
We one-sidedly call
all these people devils
even though we never met them before.
For over and over...
We keep doing the same thing
over and over.
I'm sorry, Falco.
You knew all along.
But I got you involved.
I helped making the attack
on Liberio happen.
I met a wounded soldier at the hospital,
and without knowing he was Eren Yeager,
I sent letters from him to his allies
using the mailbox outside the zone.
A lot of people died in Liberio.
So...
It's my fault that Udo and Zofia died.
I see...
Also, I love you!
I didn't want you to
inherit the Armored Titan.
That's why I became a warrior candidate.
So that we could get married and
make you happy forever...
I wanted you to live a long life!
What... are you saying?
I might turn into a Titan at any time,
so I want to let it all out
before I'm gone for good.
Let's go!
If Zeke knows that you drank
the spinal fluid,
we might be able to stop
him from using his Scream.
No good! There are too many of them!
We can't get near Eren!
Eren.
Just a little more.
Just a little more and our dream
will come true.
Just a little more.
That's...
The Cart Titan...
So that's where you end?
My dear Pieck.
We did it! We killed the Cart Titan!
Right when we thought
we finally caught up.
Who took it out?
Eh? You guys killed it, right?
Drive them off!
We can only make one shot
with this sneak attack.
General Magath!
Did you kill him?
I can't get an angle on him!
We should move!
Braun!
Don't let the Beast and
Founder get into contact!
Are you doing it, Eren?
Please, just stop.
The last person in this world
who should have that power...
Eren.
It's you!
Pieck, hurry!
If there's even a single
speck of life left in him...
...he will surely scream!
The iron bullet is the proof of justice
If it pierces through,
I'll be closer to being a hero
But when I close my eyes and touch
I notice that the devil
was no different from me
Why am I not good, but he's okay?
The only thing that
separates us was the wall
Don't lament on the fate that we're born
Because we're all free
If only I have wings like birds
I can go anywhere I want
But if I don't have a place to return to
I'm sure I can't go anywhere
I just simply hate living
The world is cruel, but I still love you
I will sacrifice anything to protect you
Even if it's a mistake to do so,
I'll not doubt my actions
Because the right thing
is to firmly believe in yourself
The Beast and Founder.
In pursuit of the two Titans that
hold the key to the whole situation,
people keep on fighting.
What lies beyond the path
the brothers took?
Next time, "Two Brothers."